you
in order to valve clearance adjustment
first left to remove the cam chain
tension loosen and remove the cam chain
tensioner bolt and crush washer using a
small flat blade screwdriver turn the
tensioner clockwise until lightly seated
and hold in place with a pair of locking
pliers
loosen and remove the cam gentle bolts
as shown take note of the different
lengths and bolts for the intake and
exhaust journals cam journals themselves
are marked with the left and right and
an arrow pointing towards the intake
moving the journals watch for any loose
locators as they may fall onto the
bottom of your engine
it's like the camshaft bearing towards
the cam gear to remove the cam chain
put the cam chain out of the way you can
remove the camshaft now you can tie up
the cam chain it's cam chain falls at
the bottom end to be retrieved with
magnet now is a good time to inspect
your camshaft and your decompress
earlier make sure everything moves
freely and it doesn't have any excessive
play installing a rag is shown will stop
any loose valve shims from flowing the
bottom in only to move the valve shims
that need to be adjusted make sure to
keep track of which valve shims go with
which valve then take shims are usually
stuck to the bottom of the bucket or
they could be on top of the valve
lift the exhaust valve rocker to get the
battleship
measure the valve shim thickness and
recording this valve showing zero
clearance will need to be replaced
showing the adjustment just as an
example calculate the new shim thickness
using this equation
this is an example of using the equation
from this particular bike install the
proper thickness valve shim on the
corresponding valve clean and lubricate
the valve buckets with oil before
installation make sure the exhaust valve
shims are seated squarely on top of the
valve before inserting your camshaft
it's good idea to make sure anything so
the top dead center install a camshaft
for the cam lobes facing towards the
intake make sure the camshaft bearing is
seen against the cam gear slide the cam
chain on the cam gear and check the
alignment marks both marks aren't
visible readjust the cam chain
you've got a line slide the cam bearing
Beckford cam Journal
I'll double-check your camshaft
alignment marks and your top dead center
line and mark both are aligned at the
same time it's time to button it back up
make sure the rocker arm dowels lined up
you can get the bowl suit to cam J slide
in a bearing locator followed by the
proper side cam journal with the
locating dowels
now repeat with the opposite side cam
Journal
do not torque the bolts unless the cam
journals are fully seated I'll install
the camshaft journal bolts in their
proper positions and torque to 16 Newton
meters
now release your cam chain tensioner
crank your engine over a few times and
recheck your valve clearance your valve
clearance is still in spec you can
reinstall your cam chain tensioner bolt
you